remove docs from README Template and simplify Documentation section (#735)
nf-core/tools: nf_core/pipeline-template/{{cookiecutter.name_noslash}}/README.md

## Documentation

> The {{ cookiecutter.name }} pipeline comes with documentation about the pipeline: [docs/usage](docs/usage.md) and [docs/output](docs/output.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{ cookiecutter.name }} pipeline comes with documentation about the pipeline: [usage](https://nf-co.re/{{ cookiecutter.short_name }}/usage.md) and [output](https://nf-co.re/{{ cookiecutter.short_name }}/output.md).
```
I would put the full link for portability reasons.

Reviewer 2: If the full link, can drop the `.md` too..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The {{ cookiecutter.name }} pipeline comes with documentation about the pipeline: [usage](https://nf-co.re/{{ cookiecutter.short_name }}/usage) and [output](https://nf-co.re/{{ cookiecutter.short_name }}/output).
```

> The {{ cookiecutter.name }} pipeline comes with documentation about the pipeline: [usage](https://nf-co.re/{{ cookiecutter.short_name }}/usage) and [output](https://nf-co.re/{{ cookiecutter.short_name }}/output).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The {{ cookiecutter.name }} pipeline comes with documentation about the pipeline: [usage](https://nf-co.re/{{ cookiecutter.short_name }}/usage), [pipeline parameters](https://nf-co.re/{{ cookiecutter.short_name }}/parameters) and [output](https://nf-co.re/{{ cookiecutter.short_name }}/output).
```
